Web interface allowing users to change passwords for either a Squid or a Samba
server or both at once

Author: Renato Candido <renato@liria.com.br>
Copyright 2012 Liria Tecnologia <http://www.liria.com.br>
License: GPL

ABOUT
-----

This is a CGI application which enables to change Squid or Samba passwords or
both at once through a web interface. It only works with an htpasswd password
file for Squid passwords and an smbpasswd file for Samba passwords (does not 
work with TDBSAM, LDAP or other authentication schemes).

INSTALL
-------

In order to install the application, you should set up Apache or any other web 
server to serve CGI scripts and copy the file "change_password.cgi" to the 
"cgi-bin" directory.

This application is written in Python, so that it needs an installation of 
Python 2.6 or newer (not 3.0 yet :-) on the server. Also, it needs a Python
Library called "passlib" (http://packages.python.org/passlib/) which is not
part of the Python Standart Library. To install it, you can use pip:

  # pip install passlib

CONFIG
------

The config must be set up in "change_password.cgi" file. In the beginning of
the file, there is a config area, where you should set the paths to Squid and
Samba password files (one or another or both) and to the CGI script on the web
server. Besides that, you can change the HTML design and the messages to be
presented to the users.

In order to work, the web server user must have write permission over the
Squid and Samba files indicated on the config area. On Debian with Apache
server, this can be set up with 

  # chown www-data path-to-the-file

Before using the web interface, the users must already be added to the Samba,
Squid or both password files with a initial password.

USE
---

After installation and configuration, users may access the web interface through
the cgi file. On Debian with the default configuration, the address would look
like:

  http://server-address/cgi-bin/change_password.cgi

The name of the script can be changed, if desired.
